Rework the "Beat Snap Divisor" wiki article (#5384)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Beat_Snap_Divisor/en.md

# Beat Snap Divisor

![Beat Snap Divisor in the editor](img/beat_snap_divisor.png)

> The **Beat Snap Divisor** is a built-in editor functionality that ensures all [hit objects](/wiki/Hit_Object) are placed proportionally to the song's beats. It can be found in the upper-right portion of the editor screen, where it corresponds to the granularity of the objects on the [editor timeline](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Timelines); that is, a denser Beat Snap Divisor setting allows for more notes to be placed in the same measure and vice versa. 

Reviewer: It might be worth separating what the "divisor" is and what "beat snap" is. I wouldn't call "beat snap divisor" editor functionality; just "beat snap" is the better term for that. Also might be worth mentioning that it's basically a quantizing implementation (the music term for what we're doing here).

"Beat Snap" = editor functionality to ensure beats are snapped/quantised
"Beat Snap Divisor" = the division to user for the above system.

The osu! editor supports eleven different Beat Snap Divisor settings as follows:

## 1/1 snap divisor

![1/1 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](/wiki/shared/BSD_1_1b.jpg "1/1 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

> ![1/1 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_1_m.jpg "1/1 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

Reviewer 2: iirc you don't need to have title text for images if you have alt text. also you only need to say "in the editor" instead of specifying the mode

Author: this is intentional as the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor handles timeline differently compared to the osu!mania editor  :

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36564236/117493890-c7b22800-af9d-11eb-8ead-c3f1de44f19c.png)

> The 1/1 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on every *full beats*. It is being represented by white-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 1/1 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on every *full beat*. It is represented by white-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.
```
usage of "it" like this is not really encouraged. either way, sentence should be written in present and not present progressive (this goes for all other lines like this)

Due to its simplicity and ease of use, this snap divisor is most commonly used while mapping Easy difficulties.

## 1/2 snap divisor

![1/2 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](/wiki/shared/BSD_1_2.jpg "1/2 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

![1/2 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_2_m.jpg "1/2 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

> The 1/2 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on every *half beats* and its multiples (e.g. 1/2). It is being represented by red-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 1/2 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on *half beats* and its multiples (e.g. 1/2). It is being represented by red-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.
```
is it not already obvious that 1/2 is a "multiple" of 1/2?

Author: the word "multiple" here is also intentional because by setting the Beat Snap Divisor you're not *exclusively locked* to red tick snaps; you can also put objects in a 2/2 snap (or 1/1, as we know it) which is obv a multiple of 1/2

## 1/3 snap divisor

![1/3 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](/wiki/shared/BSD_1_3.jpg "1/3 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

![1/3 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_3_m.jpg "1/3 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

The 1/3 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on *triplets*, which is the third fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/3 and 2/3). It is being represented by purple-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

> Although relatively rare, there are some songs and music genres out there (e.g. swing jazz) that are primarily utilizing this snap divisor throughout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although relatively rare, there are some songs and music genres (e.g. swing jazz) that primarily utilise this snap divisor throughout.
```

## 1/4 snap divisor

![1/4 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](/wiki/shared/BSD_1_4.jpg "1/4 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

![1/4 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_4_m.jpg "1/4 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

> The 1/4 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on every *quarter beats*, which is the fourth fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/4 and 3/4). It is being represented by blue-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 1/4 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on *quarter beats*, which is the fourth fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/4 and 3/4). It is being represented by blue-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.
```

> Due to its versatility, this snap divisor is extremely popular among mappers and is frequently used in all sorts of maps in general. It is also the default setting that is being designated by the editor upon importing a new audio file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Due to its versatility, this snap divisor is extremely popular among mappers and is frequently used in all sorts of beatmaps in general. It is also the default setting that is designated by the editor upon importing a new audio file.
```
not sure if this line is necessary. either way, line should be rewritten to use neutral tone (this goes for all other lines like this)

![1/5 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](img/1_5_snap_divisor_m.png "1/5 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

The 1/5 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on the fifth fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/5, 2/5, 3/5, and 4/5). It is being represented by yellow-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

This snap divisor is extremely uncommon out there and should be used with extreme care; in case you find yourself resorting to 1/5 snap divisor out of the blue, it is recommended for you to seek further advice from experienced mappers.

## 1/6 snap divisor

![1/6 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](/wiki/shared/BSD_1_6.jpg "1/6 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

![1/6 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_6_m.jpg "1/6 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

The 1/6 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on *double triplets*, which is the sixth fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/6 and 5/6). It is being represented by purple-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

> Although relatively rare, there are some songs and music genres out there (e.g. swing jazz) that are primarily utilizing this snap divisor throughout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although relatively rare, there are some songs and music genres (e.g. swing jazz) that primarily utilise this snap divisor throughout.
```

## 1/7 snap divisor

![1/7 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](img/1_7_snap_divisor.png "1/7 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

![1/7 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_7_m.jpg "1/7 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

> The 1/7 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on the seventh fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/7, 2/7, 3/7, and so on). It is being represented by yellow-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 1/7 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on the seventh fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/7, 2/7, 3/7, etc.). It is being represented by yellow-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.
```

Author: don't really fancy having two abbreviations (`e.g.` and `etc.`) this close to each other so i'll be keeping this as well i guess

(this doesn't change the point of the sentence anyway lol)

## 1/12 snap divisor

![1/12 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](img/1_12_snap_divisor.png "1/12 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

![1/12 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_12_m.jpg "1/12 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

The 1/12 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on the twelfth fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/12, 5/12, 7/12, and so on). It is being represented by grey-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

This snap divisor is extremely uncommon out there and should be used with extreme care; in case you find yourself resorting to 1/12 snap divisor out of the blue, it is recommended for you to seek further advice from experienced mappers.

## 1/16 snap divisor

![1/16 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor](img/1_16_snap_divisor.png "1/16 snap divisor in the osu!/osu!taiko/osu!catch editor")

![1/16 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor](/wiki/shared/1_16_m.jpg "1/16 snap divisor in the osu!mania editor")

> The 1/16 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on the sixteenth fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/16, 3/16, 5/16, and so on). It is being represented by  grey-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 1/16 snap divisor allows for hit objects to be placed on the sixteenth fraction of a beat and its multiples (e.g. 1/16, 3/16, 5/16, and so on). It is being represented by grey-coloured ticks on the editor timeline.
```
